[ Man]
Previously on Roswell
I, Isabel Amanda, take theeJesse Esteban,
to be my wedded husband.
Ljesse Esteban,
take thee, Isabel Amanda...
to be my wedded wife.
[ Isabel's Voice]
Do you approve?
[ Kivar's Voice]
You will always be mine.
What if I betrayjesse
the way I betrayed all of you?
It's just a dream, Isabel. You feel guilty
because of Kivar in our previous life.
I don't even know
what I did back then for sure.
I mean, all I really know is that
I betrayed you and Max and my whole family...
for this- this Kivar.
You're not here.
You're not really here.
Oh, I am here.
I'll see you soon.
Can I, uh, dance with the bride?
- Kyle, did you see the guy that was just here?
- Why? Who is he?
Someone who can't be here.
Hey, guys-.
- How's it goin'? Everything okay?
- Yeah, fine.
- You sure?
- Yeah. What's up?
Nothing. Nothing.
ls Isabel around?
Yeah. She's, uh,
upstairs changing.
Great.
Kitchen.
- I'm not washing all these.
- Go.
What are you doing?
You didn't tell 'em?
No.
You tell 'em after I'm gone.
Wait. Hold on.
Isn't this guy an alien killer?
Look, I get one honeymoon. All right?
He's not gonna ruin it.
Isabel, I'm all for denial
as a way of... life...
but you can't just
run away from this one.
Yes, I can.
You wanna wash or dry?
- I can't believe she didn't tell you.
- Tell me what?
[jesse ]
All right, Mrs. Ramirez.
We've gotta go,
or we're going to miss our plane.
I know.
- Have a good time in Lajolla!
- See ya in a week.
- Have fun!
- See ya.
- Bye!
We'll miss you!
Mom, it's a week.
I'll call.
- [Philip] Have a great time.
- I'm sure she will.
[ Bell Dings]
[Sighs]
Everything is different now.
Yeah. It is.
- What's going on?
- She officially gone yet?
- Yeah.
- I'm leaving.
Just wait. Kyle's gonna tell us something.
Spit it out.
- I can't believe she didn't tell you.
- [Max] Tel/ us what?
About Kw av?
- What, did I say his name wrong?
- What about Kivar?
- He's here.
- He's" here?
- She saw him. She danced with him.
- She what?
At the reception.
He looks normal. Looks like a human.
How does Isabel's former alien lover crash
her wedding and we don't know about it?
I don't know, but he's here.
I') [ Rock ]
g,' [Continues]
tyfffltf]
No, no, that's it.
Stop it.
[Michael]
How can that be him? That's him?
Oofl
I'm just saying--
So, what's the deal with this guy?
- Son of a bitch killed us.
- All of us.
- He killed you?
- Yeah.
We don't remember a lot.
In our other life, Kivar was our enemy.
He was trying to take over my throne.
Isabel fell in love with him and helped him
overtake us. There was a bloodbath.
We were all killed, including Isabel.
Our genetic material was mixed with
human D.N.A., and we were sent here.
Nothing's ever simple
with you people, is it?
- What is Kivar doing here?
- I doubt he's on vacation.
- What are you gonna do?
- What we have to.
We're going to Lajolla.
First class.
Then we're gonna kill him.
[Sighs]
[Sighs, Gasps]
[ Laughs]
Are you okay?
- Yeah. Yeah, I'm just tired.
- Hmm.
Well, let's get checked in
and, uh, slip into something...
a little more married.
' [ Isabgfig?
'ggleq
Wow. Look at this.
Oh, my God.
It's so beautiful.
No, y0u're beautiful.
-[Giggles]
- Hold on. Gotta take care of the bellman.
There you go.
Thanks.
Geefl
[Laughs]
Whoo! Yeah!
- What?
- Nothing.
I'm okay.
- You're tired.
- I'm fine.
I'm fine.
Come here.
Come on.
Let's just catch our breath
for a moment.
[Sighs]
Gonna be married
for a long, long time.
Okay? There's no reason
to rush anything anymore.
Everything's going to be fine.
- )efi.
- Oh, hey, Philip.
- Congratulations.
- Oh, thanks.
- Do you wanna see a menu?
- Ah, no, no.
Look, I feel kinda funny about this,
but could I speak to you for a minute?
Sure.
- Right now?
- Yeah. In private?
[Jeff]
Yeah. Let's go in the back.
[Announcer]
A beautiful high off through the fairway.
Oh, it rolls back 12 feet from the hole,
and it's on the green.
- Wonderful shot.
- [Spectators Applauding]
Fischer now eight behind the leader board
with four holes to go.
The galley loved that shot.
Of course, Fischer was in a similar position
in last yeafs tournament...
before hitting four over
on the final hole.
Therefore, then, bowing out of the lead.
However, this is a new year,
and things are-
[Chuckles]
-[Gasps]
- Hi.
Jesse, sweetheart, are you here?
[jesse's Voice]
Dear Mrs, Ramirez, it's 2:30.
I didn't wanna wake you.
Went to the spa. I'll be back in an hour.
- Well, what did they say?
- I couldn't hear. They were whispering.
- They were whispering?
- Yeah. Somethings brewing.
Well, something bad?
I don't know, but you and I,
we're not included.
And the way they were skulking around,
it reminded me of us.
- No. No. Screw that.
- What are you doing? No, don't.
Be back in one second.
That break again?
[Chuckles]
Might be time for a new one.
So, um, what did Mr. Evans want?
Um, you know we share
the same accountant.
He's gonna raise
his rates, so it's--
We're just not sure if we
wanna pay the increase, so, uh-
Oh.
I thought that he was
unhappy with the catering, but-
- No. The catering was fine.
- Good. That's really good.
Oh, uh, table eight?
Could you get 'em
some menus and water, please?
- Okay.
- Thank you.
[ Man]
Finley, party of four. Finley, party of four.
- Ease.
- Baby'. Oh, I'm sorry.
- Where have you been?
- I was just about to come wake you up.
- Where were you?
- Uh, the driving range.
Your husband's quite a golfer.
- I knew the moment I met her.
- Really?
- Love at first sight.
- [ Isabel ] That's so sweet.
- Honey, maybe we should-
- Kevin, what about you?
- Is there anyone special in your life?
- Matter of fact, there is.
That's great. Maybe we could all hook up
and go out for dinner one night.
- It'd be difficultjesse. See, she's gone.
- Gone?
No, she's not dead.
just-just missing.
Oh, my God.
Seems like I've been
searching for her forever.
Wow.
Kevin, I'm sorry. That's--
- How did it happen?
-jesse, it's private, so-
No, it's- it's all right. Really.
Look, to fully understand
what happened...
you gotta go back
to the first night we met.
See, we were
supposed to fall in love.
Our families were enemies.
We were at the palace,
and it was one of those rare moments...
where they were trying to find peace.
The palace?
We were by the water...
and she pleaded with me not to...
but I kissed her.
And that was it.
From that point on,
we were together.
We would have done
anything for each other, and we did.
Until one bad night, one-
One night I lost her.
Well, it all sounds
pretty far-fetched to me.
But it's all true.
[ Doorbell Rings ]
- [ Valenti] I got it, Kyle.
- Okay.
Hey!
What's up, Philip?
[Clears Throat]
Hey, Sheriff- Uh,jim.
Uh, listen,
I feel really odd about this-
About what?
Well, l-l'm not sure.
I've been talking tojeff Parker, and, um-
I-I know this is gonna sound strange,
but there's some things I need to know...
and I was wondering
if you could help me out.
- Can I come in?
- Sure. Yeah. I'm sorry Come on in.
- Thanks.
- So, uh, what kind of things?
Well, it's about the kids.
Um, about Max, actually.
[ Valenti]
Something happened.
Somethings been happening for a few
years now, and I don't know what it is.
I'm just trying to find out
more information about my son.
How can I help you?
Well, I used to see him all the time
with this girl. She had blonde hair.
- I-l think she was staying at your house.
- Tess.
Yeah. Yeah.
- They dated, didn't they?
- [Valenti] Yeah,.
I think.
I mean, for a while, yeah.
- You know kids. It's hard to keep up.
- Yeah.
- [ Philip] Where is she now?
- She left.
- Oh.
- She went back east.
She's got, uh, relatives there.
An aunt and uncle.
[ Philip]
Do you have a way of contacting her?
What, uh- Why?
- I was just gonna ask her a few questions.
- About Max?
Do you have a phone number for her?
Yeah, somewhere. I've got her address here,
but God knows where that is.
Let me ask Kyle when he gets back.
And we'll see if we can't
track her down for you.
- I'd appreciate that.
- Sure. Sure.
- Thanks,jim.
- No problem.
- [ Door Opens, Closes]
- [ Valenti ]All right.
- g,' [Mid-tempo Rock]
- [Isabel Laughs]
- He bugs me.
- Who, Kevin?
Why? Do you think he's some freak
who preys on honeymooning newlyweds?
[Laughs]
Okay.
Let's sneak out this way.
Jesse.
- Here.
- Oh, thanks.
- Isabel, did you want anything?
- No.
Look, I feel like I'm intruding.
I'm gonna leave you two alone.
Well, I'm sure we'll see you later.
- We're gonna be really busy.
- [Chuckles]
- She's got a point.
- Yes, she does.
Congratulations.
I hope you guys have a long
and happy life together.
Thanks.
Good-bye.
- Just us.
- Thank God.
Mmm.
Oh!
[Groans]
What's wrong?
Oh, I don't think that oyster appetizer
was a good idea.
Ohh! I'll be right back.
- ,','[C0ntinues]
- [ Groans]
Excuse me.
I'm sorry.
What did you do tojesse?
He'll be fine.
just used him to steal a moment.
Been searching for you for an eternity.
Vilandra.
- I'm not Vilandra anymore.
- Yes, you are.
I can feel it.
I can feel it right now.
You got what you wanted from me.
Pleasejust leave me alone now.
Ditch the human toy and meet me
by the water, like when we first met.
No.
No. No.
Thank you.
- So, what did your dad say to him?
- He handled it for the moment.
But it's true-
Max's dad is investigating him.
I wouldn't worry about this.
Look at it from Mr. Evans's point of view.
His son is practically a hardened criminal.
His daughter gets married.
He's trying to get a grip
on his new world order.
Suppose he discovers
the interstellar love triangle...
and the alien hit squad
winging its way to honeymoon central?
- No, he won't.
- He might.
- What is this?
- I don't know. What is it?
- Guess what.
- What?
Isabel's alien lover
is a man named Denny.
- He's not from Antar?
- No, that's how he got here.
- Kivar took possession.
- This guy's totally innocent.
- With awife.
- And Max and Michael are gonna kill him.
[ Water Running]
Jesse, are you coming out?
Yeah! One second!
[ Water Stops I
[Whispers]
OhJesse, hurry.
[Exhaling Rapidly]
Hey! Isabel!
Somethings wrong with the door.
Can you push it or something?
Um, it's stuck, honey.
I can't even turn the handle.
How much did we pay
for this hotel room?
Jesse, I'm gonna go find some maintenance
people and see if they can get it open.
I'll be right back.
Isabel.
I-Isabel, just use the phone.
[Sighs]
What have you done to me?
What do you mean?
You've taken control,
used some kind of power to get me here.
I've done nothing.
You're here 'cause
it's where Vilandra wants to be.
Vilandra is dead.
She doesn't exist.
She does. Within you.
Vilandra betrayed my entire family.
She murdered them.
I've been given a second chance,
and it doesn't include you.
Yes, it does...
just by being here.
We can leave tonight.
Right now.
HOW?
It's a new mode of transit.
Something we've been working on.
It's better than a ship.
just come with me.
- Vilandra-
- No.
And if you really love me,
don't come back.
What if he's not here?
What if this is some wild goose chase?
Oh, he's here. He wants Isabel.
Kivar is nothing if not determined.
Then I hope we're not-
Too late.
Return with me, Vilandra.
- I'm not Vilandra.
- You can be.
We can leave all of this behind.
Please.
- [Cell Phone Rings]
- Oh!
[Whispers]
Did you ever hear of vibrate?
[Gasps]
Jesse.
- He doesn't matter.
- He does.
He does matter.
- Max, hi. You're still alive.
- Is that Liz?
- I can't talk right now.
- Did you kill him?
No.
I love you, but I gotta go.
- Is Michael okay?
- What about Isabel?
- Just don't kill him.
- Hey, hang it up.
He's a human being.
His name is Denny Ridgely.
- He's married, and he's a local.
- Is Michael okay?
- Max, hang it up.
- Michael's fine.
- Yes, he's fine.
- Have they found Isabel?
- Who's Denny Ridgely?
- They're gone.
His wife has been putting up
missing person posters.
Max, come on. They're gone.
I personally think that Kivar
has taken him over.
It's gotta be a possession thing.
One more thing- your father has been
going around town asking questions.
- About what?
- About you and Tess.
Find out what he's after.
I gotta go.
- Max!
- [ Dial Tone]
[ Beep]
Kivar's possessing
some guy named Denny.
- So?
- So we can't kill him.
Yeah? Who says?
What did you do?
- Nothing.
- To the door. What-
Oh.
Um, the front desk.
They told me that sometimes it sticks,
and you have-
- Were you outside?
- No.
Yes.
The maintenance guy... was outside.
Sol had to find him
to ask him about the door...
and he said that sometimes
you just have to lean into it...
and- and... pull back...
all at the same time.
Lean in and...
- pull back all at the same time?
-[Squeals, Laughing]
[Squealing, Laughing Continue]
Now, where were we?
[ Knocking ]
- I'll get it.
-just ignore it.
- [Man] Room service.
- Don't move. I'll just-
[Sighs]
Whatever.
-[Gasps]
- Hi.
- We're here to kill your boyfriend.
- [jesse] Who is it?
Room service.
- Did you order something?
- No. It was a mistake.
Come to bed.
I really want a drink.
- What?
- Yeah.
Would you be a fantastic husband
and go to the bar and get me...
one of those fruity,
pineapple-y umbrella drinks?
- Come on!
- All that running around made me thirsty.
- Tell the room service guy.
- He's gone.
- What's going on?
- I'm nervous.
- I need to relax.
- We have champagne.
Yeah, but I'm really
in the mood for one of those-
Fruity, pineapple-y
umbrella drinks.
Yes, please?
[Sighs]
Okay.
Thanks, honey.
What are you guys doing here?
- Taking care of your problem.
- Why didn't you tell us before you left?
I didn't expect him
to follow me here.
He sure as hell doesn't
have the hots for us.
- You can't kill him.
- We know.
- We're going to.
- Michael.
- Kivar possessed some idiot.
- Who?
I don't care. It doesn't matter.
He's dead.
Look, I really think
you guys should go.
Because I've got this totally under control.
I'm gonna get rid of him.
- Yeah. You're gonna give him what he wants.
- What?
You're gonna ride his handlebars
all the way back to Antar, aren't you?
- We saw you.
- By the gazebo.
[Sighs]
Why is this happening to me?
Ohh! I'm married!
I love Jesse! I love him!
-I know.
- But I love Kivar.
No. No, you don't.
Vilandra does. She wants control.
She wants to go back.
- She's gone.
- She's not! I wish she was! I hate her!
I hate what she did! But she isn't gone, Max!
She's still inside of me!
Listen to me. Isabel!
Listen.
This is what we're gonna do.
You are gonna stay here in this room
with your husband.
- We're gonna find Kivar.
- No!
No, Max. You're not going without me.
I mean, what if-
What if something goes wrong
and you need me there?
- Is this some kind of closure thing?
- Yes.
[Sighs]
Yes.
I need to get over him.
I need to conquer this now.
All right. Okay.
Okay. You stay here.
We'll wait outside,
just in case he comes looking.
If he doesn't, you leave here at dawn,
get away from j esse.
We'll be right behind you,
out of sight.
You find Kivar.
Take him someplace secluded.
We'll get Kivar out of Ridgely somehow.
- Then what?
- I'm gonna get a T-shirt printed up.
We're gonna kill him, Isabel!
He's after you now,
but we're unfinished business.
Do you understand?
It's either him or us.
- Isabel.
- Yes.
Okay.
- [Knocking]
- [Jesse] Isabel, it's me.
[ Door Closes]
- That was fast.
- I'm motivated.
Thanks, honey.
Okay, um, I'll be right there.
Be right there.
[Whispers]
Come on, come on!
[Sighs]
Are you all right?
[ Isabel Clears Throat]
just listen to me
for a second.
Don't say anything.
just let me get this out.
I'm not who you thinkl am.
I'm from another planet.
[Laughs]
Yeah, like men are from Mars,
women are from Venus?
I'm from Antar.
I'm an alien.
[Snickers]
Sure.
Okay, how did you do that?
Max? Michael?
Wh-What is this?
We're all aliens.
Our ship crashed in Roswell
over 5O years ago.
It wasn't a hoax.
It was a government cover-up.
We're hybrids- alien-human D.N.A.
We crawled out of our secret pod chamber
about 12 years ago...
into the desert...
and nobody knows-
not even our parents.
- Some people know, like his girlfriend.
- And his.
And now you.
This is some weird family
practical joke, right?
Constantly.
You know when Liz and I
robbed that convenience store?
We were after an alien spaceship
hidden in the basement.
See, he got this girl pregnant-
she's alien too.
- Now he's got this kid out there.
- [Michael] Somewhere.
- [ Max ] And I needed a ship t0 track him down.
- Out there.
- You're not kidding.
- No.
But, honey, it doesn't mean that we can't have
a perfectly normal, healthy, happy marriage.
- Right. Right.
- Yeah.
Right. Sure.
- [ Window Rattling]
- Help! Help! Let me outta here!
Somebody help me!
Help!
[Sighs]
Are you all right?
What's going on?
You know that oyster appetizer?
I think you were right.
It wasn't such a good idea.
- Are you sick?
- I think so.
So you won't be wanting
this drink then, right?
No.
Well, that's a shame.
[Sighs]
[ Beeping]
Hi, Philip. lfsjeff.
Look, I'm sorry to
call you so late, but, um-
[Chuckles]
Yeah.
Look, Phil...
there are some things
that I remember.
Where do you want to get together?
Okay. Your-
Your office tomorrow.
[ Clears Throat]
Yeah. Sure.
[ Beep]
Isabel?
Let's go.
Come on.
Max? What the hell
are you doing here?
- Jesse.
- I said, what are you doing here?
- Vacation.
- What?
Yeah. Isabel did such a good job describing
the place, and we had some free time, so-
- Cut the crap. What's going on?
- We gotta go.
Where? Where?
- Scuba lessons!
- Scuba lessons? Where's Isabel?
- She's your wife.
- Yeah, when you find her, say hi. We gotta go.
[Stammering]
What's going on?
- Michael.
- On it.
Aah!
- [ Gasps]
- Have you made up your mind?
Yes.
I'm coming with you.
Good.
Let's go home.
This way.
Wait, wait.
Get down.
- Is that part of the plan?
- I don't think so.
What's wrong?
Tell me.
You will always be mine.
[Exhales] Max and Michael are here.
They're gonna kill you.
Where?
Thanks, Isabel.
Vilandra.
[ Kivar]
Oh, Zan, it's been a long time.
I wondered about this moment...
when our paths would cross again.
- We are not letting you take Isabel.
- I'm not taking anyone.
Arm?
Isabel, let go of his hand.
Isabel!
Let us leave. Please.
Don't make her kill you again.
It would feel redundant.
- She wouldn't.
- She did before.
No, she didn't.
I remember some of it.
You let Kivar into the city
with his men...
but he convinced you
that he wanted peace.
He said he wasn't gonna kill anybody,
that he was there to call a truce.
Then once you helped him gain access...
he killed all of us.
You didn't kill us, Isabel.
He did. He betrayed you.
[Groaning]
No more troubles, okay?
I promise.
You ready?
Yes.
Let's go home.
Get your hands off my wife!
- What is this?
- You have to go.
What's wrong with your eyes?
Did he do something to you?
Isabel, tell me what happened.
Please talk to me.
Isabel, I love you.
I'm sorryJesse.
If we're gonna go,
we have to go now.
Isabel, no!
You come back, I'll kill you myself.
[ Ridge/y Groaning]
Hey-
Get him outta here. You okay?
- Hey, whatever your name is.
- I think so.
- Where am I?
- Lajolla.
Come on.
You need to call your wife.
How did I get in California?
Maybe you were
kidnapped by aliens or something.
What happened?
He saved me.
He took on Kivar all by himself,
and then I...
knocked him out.
What'd he see?
Everything.
That could be a problem.
- Isabel?
- I'm here.
- I'm right here.
- What happened?
Where--
Where's that son of a bitch?
- W-Was he-
- A very dangerous man.
I think he drugged us...
because I got sick.
- Did he-
- I'm fine.
What else do you remember?
[Sighs]
We were in the room...
and we danced.
And he made a pass at you.
Right? Yeah.
And then-
H-How'd we get back here?
You walked. I helped.
Before that.
There was a fight.
He hit you, you hit him back, hard,
and he ran off.
You rescued me.
[Chuckling]
Wow.
- Do you remember that this is our honeymoon?
- Yes.
Do you wanna do something
about that?
You mean, we haven't--
- Notyet.
- [ Laughs]
Well, what are we waiting for?
Wait.
Uh, Max and Michael.
- What about them?
- Are they here?
No.
Don't be ridiculous.
- But I--
-jesse.
Honeymoon. Focus.
Focus.
Let's go scuba diving.
- Are you serious?
- What else?
You gotta seize the moment, Maxwell.
I've gotta get back home.
There'll be plenty of time for your
intense brooding moments with Liz later.
We werejust almost obliterated
by an alien killer.
- Which is why we need to chill.
- Chill?
Exactly. Chill.
See some stingrays.
You're really serious about this.
Yeah.
So, Philip.
what do you wanna do about it?
Keep my eyes open and,
uh, ask you to do the same.
Okay.
Wh-What are we looking for?
I don't know.
I just hope I recognize it
when I see it.
G,' [R&B Ballad]
- Wow.
- ,','[C0ntinues]
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, fine.
- [Chuckles]
- You sure?
I've got only three words for you.
[Panting]
Yeah?
That was different.
G,' [Continues]
I; [ Fades]